how's it going I'm James from Team socal
German representing these wheels here
today I started my sponsorship with ace
back in 2011 run men Archy at a car show
in Venice and at the time they had just
debuted their new 5:5 live design the
Couture's and so started my sponsorship
on those meals
later that year went out to SEMA to be
in their booth which was a pretty fun
experience and then about midway through
2012 they came out with the mesh sevens
and I absolutely fell in love with the
design was fortunate enough to renew my
sponsorship of them for another year I
rocked the mesh sevens on the car here
for just about a year and a half all the
way up until December of this year and
then a touch base with arching in an ace
wheels and they told me they were coming
out with the new step lip design here
called the S LMS and I nearly called him
back and said I had to have them so for
2014 me rocking the new u.s. LMS in 2010
on all four corners the fronts didn't
really want to fit at first but we made
it work
and just happy to continue my
sponsorship with ace wheels they've been
a great partner for Team SoCal driven
and I can say with this new set up and
they just allowed me to fall back in
love with the Co
you